# Why

I have for the last five days been trying to work in a more concentrated way.  
This is something I have been trying on and off for a while (a few years), because I have never been good at staying consistent, or following through on anything in particular.  

As I am writing this, I still believe that this goal can be achieved through more days of work.  
My days will eventually turn routine and habitual, leaving me with the end goal of more work getting done being accomplished.  

There is one problem though.  
I keep thinking about *why* I am doing all of this.  

Why must I deprive myself of temporary joys in my life in order to fulfill my obligations to others and myself?  
I tell myself that this is because I don't have the necessary discipline and willpower (and also ADHD probably isn't helping)  
But after thinking a lot more about it. I think I might be asking the wrong *why*. Instead of thinking about why I can't (or in reality won't) just sit down and work on things. Maybe I should be asking why I am even working on these things to begin with?  

I work on my homework and university projects because they are required for me to pass, and keep my student support. It's essentially about money and responsibilities. I no longer see education as an enjoyable experience. This stopped when I no longer had instant gratification from being good in school, and no longer see much social benefit from it.  

I don't actually know if the above paragraph is truly what I feel or not, but it is what I wrote nonetheless.  
One theme I have consistently found in regards to what knowledge I do and don't retain, is their intrinsic value proposition. I remember what is immediately useful to me in the moment, and I only seem to care about anything if I find it sporadically interesting. But is that really a bad thing?  
Why would I want to change this way of living?  
What do I really want? Why am I so intent on figuring out what I want, and why I am the way that I am?  
Why is it so hard to figure out my own feelings and desires?  
I don't understand.  

I am in a melancholic writing mood today, mostly because I just finished watching Violet Evergarden on netflix (all 13 episodes and The Movie).  
The main theme of the series, is learning about and expressing one's feelings and emotions, and the difficulty of doing so.  
I relate to this a lot.

I often feel like few things in my life make any sense. I rarely feel in control, or in the driver's seat of anything at all.  
So far I have just followed the path of wherever life wanted me to go.

Is this why I am having such a tough time?  
I am doing something different to what I usually do. I am trying to decide for myself.  

Anyone who knows me will tell you that decisions are not my strong suit.  
A great way of ruining my mood is asking me what flavour of ice cream I want, or which restaurant we should eat at today. - Much less what steps to take in my life in order to get what I want.  

I don't know what I want. I don't particularly want anything. There are things I enjoy doing, and things that inspire me.  
I love when a piece of software does what I want it to do.  
I love praising myself for a job well done.  
I love seeing technological progress in the world. I love hope.  
I love seeing genuine emotion, I love expressing it even more.  
I don't want to bottle up my feelings. I want them to help me somehow.  

I want to know *why* I am doing what I am doing. I *need* to know *why*, otherwise it feels pointless.  
Living just for living's sake feels like running on a treadmill forever, just because you are scared of what happens if you stop.  

I started writing this because I thought it would cheer me up a bit. I guess it kinda did, as it put the idea of writing it out of my head. Besides that though, I don't think I have come much closer to an answer to the elusive *why*.

One day. One day I will find my guiding light. Maybe I won't even need it eventually.  
Today is not that day though. But I am probably a step closer.