# A letter to me

Dear Victor

Letters are a great way of expressing one's inner feelings and emotions.  
Mine are a little hard to decipher at the moment, so I hoped we could figure them out together.  

I want to make a positive change in the world. I want to see humanity succeed at the cosmic scale.  
I want to be the main force in making this happen.  

In order to do this, I need discipline. Discipline is an all-powerful tool, to achieving any goal.  
Systemic, consistent hard work, can move any mountain and drain any ocean. Nothing dares stand in the way of a devoted, disciplined man.  

What do you think is then the reason, the *why* for getting disciplined?  
This one is actually easy; discipline is valuable because it is the ultimate tool.  
Discipline is an enabler of greater achievement and accomplishment.  
The reason we find it so hard to pursue, is because we are yet to even taste it.  

The greater *why*, the *why* that gives meaning, will come eventually. You need to have faith that this is the case.  
And when it does, you better be ready with a toolbox filled to the brim of tools to achieve whatever it requires.  

I know this is not the answer we are looking for. It pains me even to write this.  
It's too abstract, too wishy-washy. "Discipline is good because it'll be useful someday" is the same excuse you got for learning just about every single thing you have forgotten.  
Trust me in saying that this time is different.  
Being a disciplined man is the only way to achieve whatever you want in any moment.  
You will get desires one day, and you *will* answer their call.  

So Victor, go get disciplined. Become an unstoppable force in the world, and shape it in whatever way you eventually desire.  
If you are once again at a loss when that time comes, you will have a very powerful tool to find your *why* with.  

You can do it. You must do it. You will do it.  

All the love and encouragement in the world, from your very own self.  
\- Victor